Workshops is Copyright (c) 2016 Brent Kearney, and files herein are
licensed under the Affero General Public License version 3, the text of
which can be found in the GNU-AGPL-3.0 file, or at:
https://opensource.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0.

Some components of Workshops, including Ruby on Rails, JQuery, Twitter
Bootstrap, and Devise are licensed under the MIT License. All unmodified
files from these and other sources retain their original copyright and
license notices: see the relevant individual files for their respective
licenses.  Attribution information for Workshops is contained in the
AUTHORS file.

In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holder gives
permission to modify and keep private portions of this program that
facilitate integration with an organization's technical environment. For
this reason, the program files that facilitate connectivity to external
services are licensed under the MIT License, as noted in the relevant
individual files.

You must obey the GNU Affero General Public License V3 or later in all
respects for all of the code used other than the portions mentioned in
<<<<<<< HEAD
the exception above.
=======
the exception above.  If you modify file(s) with this exception, you may
extend this exception to your version of the file(s), but you are not
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception
statement from your version.
>>>>>>> 4f692500f454fa442ca195381168c68f515c3dfc
